enable secure jmx (#419)
mesosphere/dcos-kafka-service: docs/JMX.md

> # Secure JMX

Reviewer: Whom is this documentation targeted at? I'm somewhat worried this will just rot...

Author: added TODO to remove this once this exists in docs-site

dcos security secrets create -f key_store_pass kafka/keystorepass
dcos security secrets create -f truststore.ks kafka/truststore
dcos security secrets create -f trust_store_pass kafka/truststorepass
dcos security secrets create -f password_file kafka/passwordfile
dcos security secrets create -f access_file kafka/access
```

Now we are ready to install kafka cluster with secure JMX enabled

```
cat <<EOF >> kafka-package-options.json
{
  "service": {
    "name": "kafka",
    "jmx": {
        "enabled": true,
        "port": 31299,
        "rmi_port": 31298,
        "access_file": "kafka/access",
        "password_file": "kafka/passwordfile",
        "key_store": "kafka/keystore",
        "key_store_password_file": "kafka/keystorepass",
        "add_trust_store": true,
        "trust_store": "kafka/truststore",
        "trust_store_password_file": "kafka/truststorepass"
    }
  }
}
EOF
```

**WARNING**

Due to an upstream bug in Kafka, it doesn't allow SSL connections through RMI port. That is the standard way in most of cli based JMX tools

https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/KIP-417%3A+Allow+JmxTool+to+connect+to+a+secured+RMI+port

> Once this fixed is released in a version RMI connections will be allowed and users won't need to do any extra step in configuration to enable them. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once this is fixed upstream, users will not need to do any additional steps to enable JMX RMI ports.
```
